Update PR template to reflect new operator role (#2694) (#2708)
DataBiosphere/azul: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] `make integration_test` passes in personal deployment <sub>or this PR does not touch functionality that could break the IT</sub>
- [ ] Rebased branch on `develop`, squashed old fixups

Primary reviewer (after approval)

- [ ] Commented on demo expectations                        <sub>or labeled as `no demo`</sub>
- [ ] Decided if PR can be labeled `no sandbox`
- [ ] Moved ticket to Approved column
- [ ] Assigned PR to an operator

Operator (before pushing merge commit)

- [ ] Checked `reindex` label and `r` commit title tag
- [ ] Rebased and squashed branch
- [ ] Sanity-checked history
- [ ] Pushed branch to Github
- [ ] Branch pushed to Gitlab and build passes in `sandbox` <sub>or added `no sandbox` label</sub>

> - [ ] Reindexed `sandbox`                                   <sub>or this PR does not require reindexing `sandbox`</sub>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Started reindex in `sandbox`                                   <sub>or this PR does not require reindexing `sandbox`</sub>
- [ ] Checked for failures in `sandbox`                <sub>or this PR does not require reindexing `sandbox`</sub>

```

- [ ] `make integration_test` passes in personal deployment <sub>or this PR does not touch functionality that could break the IT</sub>
- [ ] Rebased branch on `develop`, squashed old fixups

Primary reviewer (after approval)

- [ ] Commented on demo expectations                        <sub>or labeled as `no demo`</sub>
- [ ] Decided if PR can be labeled `no sandbox`
- [ ] Moved ticket to Approved column
- [ ] Assigned PR to an operator

> 

Author: - [ ] Updated PR title to be used in the merge commit

Operator (before pushing merge commit)

- [ ] Checked `reindex` label and `r` commit title tag
- [ ] Rebased and squashed branch
- [ ] Sanity-checked history
- [ ] Pushed branch to Github
- [ ] Branch pushed to Gitlab and build passes in `sandbox` <sub>or added `no sandbox` label</sub>
- [ ] Started reindex in `sandbox`                          <sub>or this PR does not require reindexing `sandbox`</sub>
- [ ] Checked for failures in `sandbox`                     <sub>or this PR does not require reindexing `sandbox`</sub>

> - [ ] Added PR reference to merge commit

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added PR reference to merge commit title
- [ ] Collected commit title tags to merge commit title
```
